so we ready to make a deal or what okay
then let's talk business this is a war
zone there's product coming in here by
the truckload and you'll be picking up a
lot of guns in the field I'm sure
whatever guns you don't need I'll take
and buy them off that'll earn you points
you can cash in the service like what i
launder your ID guns no more locks and I
can also sell you the guns I've got in
stock let me show you
to ensure you can use non-id gums I'm
gonna have to suppress the old
nanomachines you got in otherwise
they'll enter feel with the system yeah
stick yourself with this it's full of
suppressor nanomachines relax it won't
hurt you're scared of needles or
something see no sweat now you can use
non-id guns no problem hey be nice to
outguess step outside
there you see no problem from now on
when you pick up an ID gun that says
lock you just let me know you name it I
can launder it of course it'll cost you
the going rate depends on the war
practice at the time man I gotta give
this shit a rest looks like you're doing
pretty well for yourself you might see
that what with the war economy and all
and the system clamping down on things
system codes are the law now and
controls essentially absolutely paving
the way for fat profits if you're
willing to bend the law the man keeps on
growing thanks to the water cut I cellid
guns to the PMC's and state armies and
naked guns to terrorist groups and
paramilitaries and these ID guns can't
be sold on the black market systems
practically a license for us arms
dealers to print money
privatizing the military's made the
PMC's being loaded fatter the PMC's get
the line between civilians and soldiers
gonna get real blood sooner or later the
whole damn human race is gonna be green
copies more like we're all gonna be
fighting proxy wars but hey this war
economy puts the food on my team you're
a green color too aren't you kid it's in
your eyes you've seen a lot of combat
what makes you think you know me nothing
to be ashamed of I'm the same way I grew
up here too I got no interest in the
outside world
all right then if you need me holla we
specialize in speedy service catch my
drift
you